for the first part of the project i have no idea what to do because i generally don't do controllers
so i will have to look up how to do pid, ilqr or whatever dynamic programming solution there is to flipping.

In general i decided to aproach this pproblem using ppo because simulating the environment is pretty easy here. 
i also didnt want to do offline training because i would have to deal with uploading the data to github blah blah blah replay buffers blah blah
also i reviewed some academic literture and they use ppo so who am i to deviate from that

I first made a few ai generated attempts to do velocity tracking and waypoints and whatever. 
From this I learnt the general structure of what we're doing and how to train a simple ppo model.

Then I had ai create a minimal implementation of a template of sorts to fill out code by hand
with clear comments on what needed to be added. This led to the current code structure. in custom task something .py

Then i came up with a very simple reward function which yielded pretty good results. i have the video here.
Then i tried to make it better, which ended up making it worse, then i forgot the original reward function which was pretty good
so now we're kinda mid

anyway i had this idea to use a student teacher architecture. the student would be a smaller neural net maybe 128x128
(im talking about mlppolicy here) and the teacher maybe 512 512. i dont know exactly what the depth or size means but the bigger
model should be able to learn more and maybe i can distill more than a flip into the smal neural network. just a small idea 
on how to impelment would be traiining the smaller model to match the distribution of the bigger model with kl divergence loss 
random aah thought that is on the implemntation scale though. we'll see.

the friend suggested this paper which is https://arxiv.org/pdf/2409.12949v2-1.pdf.

I was suggestd by a friend to do everything in mujoco because apparently its better (?) in some way so thats my next task
I had ai draft a porting guide which is called mujocoport.pdf which vaguely explains why i need to do it

After porting i will go back to try to find the reward function again.

